think you can keep up with me I don't
need any more lectures
hey guess we're both new at this what's
this
Eagle business no you saying sorry now I
can score even in the dark hey buddy you
should loosen up a little
why am i up against an old man it's
great to have momentum what will you do
when everything's gone always give it
everything you've got
I'm far more entertaining than you
enough moping let's go you think being a
grown-up makes you cool
what's on your mind spill it how do you
compress time I'm getting dizzy don't
get carried away every little thing
about you ticks me off I'm the one and
only ace here you're the final chapter
in my story I can carry you like a blitz
ball
your helmet looks awfully heavy